com/example/gp/PostAddFragment.java
 com.example.gp.PostAddFragment
 com.example.gp.PostAddFragment$1
 com.example.gp.PostAddFragment$2
 com.example.gp.PostAddFragment$3
 com.example.gp.PostAddFragment$3$1
 com.example.gp.PostAddFragment$3$1$1
 com.example.gp.PostAddFragment$3$1$1$1
 com.example.gp.PostAddFragment$3$1$1$2
 com.example.gp.PostAddFragment$4
com/example/gp/databinding/FragmentGroupSetBinding.java
 com.example.gp.databinding.FragmentGroupSetBinding
com/example/gp/databinding/FragmentPostBinding.java
 com.example.gp.databinding.FragmentPostBinding
com/example/gp/databinding/FragmentPostAddBinding.java
 com.example.gp.databinding.FragmentPostAddBinding
com/example/gp/databinding/ActivityIndexBinding.java
 com.example.gp.databinding.ActivityIndexBinding
com/example/gp/databinding/FragmentNoteUpdateBinding.java
 com.example.gp.databinding.FragmentNoteUpdateBinding
com/example/gp/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.gp.BuildConfig
com/example/gp/UpdatePostFragment.java
 com.example.gp.UpdatePostFragment
 com.example.gp.UpdatePostFragment$1
 com.example.gp.UpdatePostFragment$2
 com.example.gp.UpdatePostFragment$3
com/example/gp/databinding/FragmentPostUpdateBinding.java
 com.example.gp.databinding.FragmentPostUpdateBinding
com/example/gp/NoteFragment.java
 com.example.gp.NoteFragment
 com.example.gp.NoteFragment$1
com/example/gp/databinding/ItemViewBinding.java
 com.example.gp.databinding.ItemViewBinding
com/example/gp/PostFragment.java
 com.example.gp.PostFragment
 com.example.gp.PostFragment$1
 com.example.gp.PostFragment$1$1
com/example/gp/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.gp.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/gp/UpdateNoteFragment.java
 com.example.gp.UpdateNoteFragment
 com.example.gp.UpdateNoteFragment$1
com/example/gp/SettingFragment.java
 com.example.gp.SettingFragment
 com.example.gp.SettingFragment$1
 com.example.gp.SettingFragment$1$1
 com.example.gp.SettingFragment$2
 com.example.gp.SettingFragment$3
 com.example.gp.SettingFragment$4
 com.example.gp.SettingFragment$4$1
 com.example.gp.SettingFragment$4$2
 com.example.gp.SettingFragment$5
 com.example.gp.SettingFragment$6
com/example/gp/NoteAdapter.java
 com.example.gp.NoteAdapter
 com.example.gp.NoteAdapter$1
 com.example.gp.NoteAdapter$2
 com.example.gp.NoteAdapter$2$1
 com.example.gp.NoteAdapter$2$1$1
 com.example.gp.NoteAdapter$2$1$2
 com.example.gp.NoteAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/gp/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.gp.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/example/gp/databinding/ActivityRegisterBinding.java
 com.example.gp.databinding.ActivityRegisterBinding
com/example/gp/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.gp.HomeFragment
 com.example.gp.HomeFragment$1
 com.example.gp.HomeFragment$2
 com.example.gp.HomeFragment$2$1
 com.example.gp.HomeFragment$2$2
 com.example.gp.HomeFragment$3
 com.example.gp.HomeFragment$3$1
 com.example.gp.HomeFragment$3$2
 com.example.gp.HomeFragment$3$3
 com.example.gp.HomeFragment$4
 com.example.gp.HomeFragment$4$1
 com.example.gp.HomeFragment$4$2
 com.example.gp.HomeFragment$4$3
 com.example.gp.HomeFragment$5
 com.example.gp.HomeFragment$6
 com.example.gp.HomeFragment$6$1
 com.example.gp.HomeFragment$NoteCallback
 com.example.gp.HomeFragment$PostCallback
com/example/gp/databinding/FragmentNoteBinding.java
 com.example.gp.databinding.FragmentNoteBinding
com/example/gp/databinding/FragmentSettingBinding.java
 com.example.gp.databinding.FragmentSettingBinding
com/example/gp/databinding/FragmentGroupBinding.java
 com.example.gp.databinding.FragmentGroupBinding
com/example/gp/Note.java
 com.example.gp.Note
com/example/gp/databinding/FragmentNoteAddBinding.java
 com.example.gp.databinding.FragmentNoteAddBinding
com/example/gp/databinding/PostViewBinding.java
 com.example.gp.databinding.PostViewBinding
com/example/gp/NoteAddFragment.java
 com.example.gp.NoteAddFragment
 com.example.gp.NoteAddFragment$1
 com.example.gp.NoteAddFragment$2
 com.example.gp.NoteAddFragment$2$1
 com.example.gp.NoteAddFragment$3
com/example/gp/databinding/FragmentGroupAddBinding.java
 com.example.gp.databinding.FragmentGroupAddBinding
com/example/gp/Post.java
 com.example.gp.Post
com/example/gp/register.java
 com.example.gp.register
 com.example.gp.register$1
 com.example.gp.register$2
 com.example.gp.register$3
 com.example.gp.register$3$1
 com.example.gp.register$3$1$1
 com.example.gp.register$3$1$2
 com.example.gp.register$3$1$3
 com.example.gp.register$3$1$3$1
 com.example.gp.register$3$1$4
 com.example.gp.register$4
 com.example.gp.register$5
com/example/gp/PostAdapter.java
 com.example.gp.PostAdapter
 com.example.gp.PostAdapter$1
 com.example.gp.PostAdapter$2
 com.example.gp.PostAdapter$3
 com.example.gp.PostAdapter$4
 com.example.gp.PostAdapter$5
 com.example.gp.PostAdapter$5$1
 com.example.gp.PostAdapter$5$1$1
 com.example.gp.PostAdapter$5$1$2
 com.example.gp.PostAdapter$5$1$3
 com.example.gp.PostAdapter$5$1$4
 com.example.gp.PostAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/gp/login.java
 com.example.gp.login
 com.example.gp.login$1
 com.example.gp.login$2
 com.example.gp.login$2$1
 com.example.gp.login$2$2
 com.example.gp.login$3
 com.example.gp.login$3$1
com/example/gp/GroupFragment.java
 com.example.gp.GroupFragment
 com.example.gp.GroupFragment$1
 com.example.gp.GroupFragment$2
 com.example.gp.GroupFragment$3
 com.example.gp.GroupFragment$4
 com.example.gp.GroupFragment$4$1
com/example/gp/GroupSetFragment.java
 com.example.gp.GroupSetFragment
 com.example.gp.GroupSetFragment$1
 com.example.gp.GroupSetFragment$2
 com.example.gp.GroupSetFragment$2$1
 com.example.gp.GroupSetFragment$2$1$1
 com.example.gp.GroupSetFragment$3
com/example/gp/GroupAddFragment.java
 com.example.gp.GroupAddFragment
 com.example.gp.GroupAddFragment$1
com/example/gp/index.java
 com.example.gp.index
